Fill-In the blanks in each of the following:
a) A self-  structure is used to form dynamic data structures.
b) Function  is used to dynamically allocate memory.
c) A(n)  is a specialized version of a linked list in which nodes can be inserted and deleted only from the start of the list.
d) Functions that look at a linked list but do not modify it are referred to as .
e) A queue is referred to as a(n)  data structure.
f) The pointer to the next node in a linked list is referred to as a(n) . 
g) Function  is used to reclaim dynamically allocated memory.
 Self-Review Exercises 631 
 
 h) A(n)  is a specialized version of a linked list in which nodes can be inserted only at the start of the list and deleted only from the end of the list.
i) A(n)  is a nonlinear, two-dimensional data structure that contains nodes with two or more links.
j) A stack is referred to as a(n)  data structure because the last node inserted is the first node removed.
k) The nodes of a(n)  tree contain two link members.
l) The first node of a tree is the  node.
m)Each link in a tree node points to a(n)  or  of that node.
n) A tree node that has no children is called a(n)  node.
o) The three traversal algorithms (covered in this chapter) for a binary tree are ,  and .

a
definining, referenziale

b
malloc

c
stack, pila

d
predicati, predicates

e
FIFO, first in first out

f
link

g
free

h
queue, coda

i
binary tree, albero binario

j
LIFO, last in first out

k
binary

l
root, radice

m
child, subtree
figlio, sottoalbero

n
leaf node, nodo foglia

o
inOrder, preOrder, postOrder