12.4 
Write a statement or set of statements to accomplish each of the following. As-sume that all the manipulations occur in main (therefore, no addresses of pointer vari-ables are needed), and assume the following definitions:
struct gradeNode {  char lastName[20];
 double grade;
 struct gradeNode *nextPtr;
};
typedef struct gradeNode GradeNode;
typedef GradeNode *GradeNodePtr;

a) Create a pointer to the start of the list called startPtr.
The list is empty.

b) Create a new node of type GradeNode that’s pointed to by pointer newPtr of type GradeNodePtr.
Assign the string "Jones" to member lastName and the value 91.5 to member grade (use strcpy).
Provide any necessary declarations and statements.

c) Assume that the list pointed to by startPtr currently consists of two nodes, 
one containing "Jones" 
and one containing "Smith". 
The nodes are in alphabetical order. 
Provide the statements necessary to insert nodes con-taining the following data for lastName and grade
be sure to insert the nodes in order: 
"Adams" 85.0 "Thompson" 73.5 "Pritchard" 66.5 Use pointers previousPtr, currentPtr and newPtr to perform the inser-tions. State what previousPtr and currentPtr point to before each inser-tion. Assume newPtr always points to the new node and the new node has already been assigned the data.

d) Write a while loop that prints the data in each node of the list.
Use pointer currentPtr to move along the list. 

e) Write a while loop that deletes all the nodes in the list and frees the memory associated with each node. Use pointer currentPtr and pointer tempPtr to walk along the list and free memory, respectively.


a
GradeNodePtr starPtr = NULL;

b
GradeNodePtr newPtr;
newPtr = malloc(sizeof(GradeNode));
strcpy(newPtr->lastName, "Jones");
newPtr->grade = 91.5;
newPtr->nexPtr = NULL;

c
to insert "Adams":
previousPtr is NULL
currentPtr points to first element in the list.

newPtr->nextPtr = currentPtr;
startPtr = newPtr;


to insert "Thompson"
previousPtr points to last element in the list. (containing "Smith");
currentPtr is NULL

newPtr->nextPtr = currentPtr;
previousPtr->nextPtr = newPtr;


to insert "Pritchard":
previousPtr points to node containing "Jones"
currentPtr points to node containing "Smith"

newPtr->nextPtr = currentPtr;
previousPtr->nextPtr = newPtr;

d
currentPtr = startPtr;
while (currentPtr != NULL) {
	printf("Lastname = %s\nGrade = %6.2f\n,
			currentPtr->lastName, currentPtr->grade);
	currentPtr = currentPtr->nextPtr;
}

e
currentPtr = startPtr;
while (currentPtr != NULL) {
	tempPtr = currentPtr;
	currentPtr = currentPtr->nextPtr;
	free(tempPtr);
}
startPtr = NULL;
			
			



note
!=is ! and =, the "not equal" operator
for some reason, MiXplorer changes it to !=when those two characters are together.






