# 10.1 Fill-In the blanks in each of the following:

---

a) A(n)  is a collection of related variables under one name.
structure
struttura

b) A(n)  is a collection of variables under one name in which the vari-ables share the same memory.
union
unione

c) In an expression using the  operator, bits are set to 1 if the corre-sponding bits in each operand are 1. Otherwise, the bits are set to zero.
bitwise &, AND, MASK

d) The variables declared in a structure definition are called its  .
members
membri

e) In an expression using the  operator, bits are set to 1 if at least one of the corresponding bits in either operand is 1. Otherwise, the bits are set to 0.
bitwise |, inclusive OR

f) Keyword  introduces a structure declaration.
struct

g) Keyword  creates a synonym for a previously defined data type.
typedef

h) In an expression using the  operator, bits are set to 1 if exactly one of the corresponding bits in either operand is 1. Otherwise, the bits are set to 0.
bitwise ^, XOR, esclusive OR

i) The bitwise AND operator (&) is often used to  bits—that is, to se-lect certain bits while zeroing others.
mask
mascherare

j) Keyword  is used to introduce a union definition.
union


k) The name of the structure is referred to as the structure .
struct tag / struct label / etichetta 
(correct word is "tag name or structure tag")

l) You access a structure member with the  or  operators.
. structure member operator , -> structure pointer operator
. membro di struttura, -> puntatore a struttura.
. = struct member op
-> = struct pointer op

m) The  and  operators shift the bits of a value left or right.
<< left shift, spostamento a sinistra 
>> right shift, spostamento a destra

n) A(n)  is a set of integers represented by identifiers.
enum, enumeration constant, enumeration
costante di enumerazione


solutions
a) structure. b) union. c) bitwise AND (&). d) members. e) bitwise inclusive OR (|). f)struct. g) typedef. h) bitwise exclusive OR (^). i) mask. j) union. k) tag name. l) structure member, structure pointer. m) left-shift (<<), right-shift (>>).
n) enumeration.

