State whether each of the following is true or false. If false, explain why.

---

a)structs may contain variables of only one data type.
false, any data type actually and varied, many

b) Two unions can be compared (using ==) to determine whether they’re equal.
false, unions cannot be compared because there might be bytes of undefined data with different values in union variables that are otherwise identical.

c) The tag name of a struct is optional.
true 

d) Members of different structs must have unique names.
false, if it's a different structure they don't need to be unique, members refer to the structure in which they're defined because of scope, so no need to have unique names. 
If they're defined in the same structure they need unique names to be differentiated 

e) Keyword typedef is used to define new data types.
false, it's like an alias, defines whatever you data type you give it, followed by the name you choose
like this: 
typedef struct abc Abc
struct tag name is abc, the alias/ typedef referring to it is now Abc.
It's better practice to write the aliases capitalised for clarity, so I can instantly understand that it's an alias that has been user-created, not predefined by the language (like int or float, which are not capitalised)

f) structs are always passed to functions by reference.
false, they're passed by value

g) structs may not be compared by using operators == and !=.
true structs cannot use == because of "Memory Padding." >
The computer leaves tiny, invisible gaps between variables to keep the CPU fast. These gaps contain random "trash" data. Even if your data matches, the "trash" might not, so a direct comparison would fail.
​The Fix: Always compare structs member-by-member (e.g., a.id == b.id).
