# 10.4 Find the error in each of the following:

a) Assume that struct card contains two const char * pointers named face and suit.
Also, the variable c is a struct card, and the variable cPtr is a pointer to struct card.
Variable cPtr has been assigned the address of c.

printf("%s\n", *cPtr->face);


CONTEXT:
struct card {
    const char *face;
    const char *suit;
};

struct card c;
struct card *cPtr;

/* or
struct card {
    const char *face;
    const char *suit;
} c, *cPtr;
basically this way the variables of this 
type struct are defined directly at the end 
of the struct, not in two separate instructions 
*/

cPtr = &c; 
/* cPtr needs to point to a normal variable before 
it can be used, until then, it's just a pointer that
points to struct card, but has no actually memory addresses written into it
for that, I need to first, assign to the cPtr, the address of c, so that this way, it stores data and isn't blank anymore".


ANSWER:
the error of printf("%s\n", *cPtr->face); is in the second argument of printf,
the pointer asterisk can't be written with the asterisk if you want to use the -> struct pointer operator, but cPtr->face.
Has to be either:

printf("%s\n", cPtr->face);

or, if you really want to use the asterisk 

printf("%s\n", (*cPtr).face);
you can use it this way (but with the struct member op, not the pointer),
but enclosed between parentheses, since the struct member operetor has a bigger priority than the *asterisk. (the asterisk is also the dereference operator, because it's used for dereferencing pointers, when define or assign value to pointers never use it, only when you're calling them for their value)
This way, enclosing the asterisk between parentheses, you're giving it a higher priority, so it runs first and dereferences cPtr.
You can also call the struct member op (the . dot) the "member access operator"


---


b) Assume that struct card contains two const char * pointers named face and suit.
Also, the array hearts[13] is an array of type struct card.
The following statement should print the member face of array element 10.

printf("%s\n", hearts.face);

CONTEXT:
struct card {
    const char *face;
    const char *suit;
} hearts[13]; //or struct "card hearts[13];" in a separate instruction.

ANSWER:
the array index has been omitted, to the book, element 10 refers to index 10 and not 9 since they're counting from zero. So Element 0 is [0], and not Element 1 is [0].
printf("%s\n", hearts[10].face);


---


c)
union values {
    char w;
    float x;
    double y;
};
union values v = {1.27}; 

ANSWER:

variable v of type Union can't be initialised, since in a Union, all members share the exact same space in memory.
Because of this, C rules say:
**You can only initialize the first member of a union.**

The first member in union is char w.
You are trying to initialize the union with 1.27.
1.27 is a floating-point number, but it’s being shoved into a char slot.
The Fix: If you want to initialize the union with 1.27, double y (or the float) needs to be the first member listed in the definition.
On the other hand, unlike chars, if the first member of the union were an int, C would've just truncated the decimal part, and initialise it to 1, the int value. This is called **implicit type conversion**


---


d)
struct person {
	char lastName[15]; 
	char firstName[15];
	unsigned int age;
}

ANSWER:
needs semicolon ; at the end of the struct

struct person {
	char lastName[15]; 
	char firstName[15];
	unsigned int age;
};


---


e) Assume struct person has been defined 
as in part (d) but with the appropriate correction.

person d;

ANSWER:
missing keyword "struct" from the variable declaration.
Needs to be:

struct person d;


---


f) Assume variable p has type struct person and the variable c is a struct card. 
p = c;

wrong instruction, variables of different structs can't be assigned to one another.




